so it is time for one more playlist or
one more Boot Camp or whatever you can
call it and this time it will be on link
list so we will be launching our link
list boot camp with this particular
video and in this video I will be
talking about the content like the
number of videos that you will be
getting the number of problems that I
will be solving and all the subtopics
that I will be covering up in this
particular boot camp after that I will
be talking about the doubts yes like how
do you resolve your doubts that is
something which is quite critical after
that the best way like this is a
commonly asked question hey what is the
best way to follow your playlist so that
we can Master the topic at the end of
the boot camp after that the language
yes this is again an important part what
is the language that I will be using in
this particular boot camp the cost it
won't be a free boot camp yes it won't
be a free boot camp so I'll be talking
about the price tag as well and right at
the end the launch Deb like when will I
be launching the entire boot camp so
let's start off with the first thing
that is the content part what will be
the number of videos that you will get
you'll get roughly around 30 videos in
this particular boot camp yes and all of
them will be recorded so you can watch
whenever you want to and how many
problems will I be covering up I'll be
covering up 44 problems and these are
the subtopics that I will be covering up
I'll be starting off with singly link
list Basics where I start off with
introduction and then length and then
search convert then deletion and then
insertion you will see that there are a
lot of customized problems over here and
you'll find all the problem links
whenever the boot cam goes live you'll
find all the article links so that you
can master the basics of singly Link
list once that is done we move on to the
basics of w link list again a lot of
insertion deletion and introduction
problems will be there and once you have
mastered the W link list we move on to
solving some questions that are asked in
interviews that are like medium based
and we solve a bunch of questions now
all of these questions I just do not
give you the solution I start off with a
brute I optimize it to a better then I
optimize it to an optimal solution so
with all of these Solutions I write
pseudo codes and I give you the time
complexity and space complexity as well
so it's an entire Journey it is just not
giving you a solution so please make
sure you watch out the videos after that
we have Toto as and hair algorithm this
algorithm is the most frequently Asked
algorithm when it comes to linkless
Topic in product based companies so I've
covered up five problems what I've seen
with other videos on YouTube is they
cover up this algorithm but they don't
give you the Intuition or the proof so
with all of these five problems one
thing I've made sure is I've given you
the intuition and the proof along with
the algorithm so make sure you watch out
these videos as well
after that we move on to some medium and
hard questions on W link list and we end
up with some really hard questions on
link list just in case some companies
decide that okay we're going to ask
really really hard questions on this
particular topic so this is the overall
like these are the 44 problems that I
will be covering up and these are the
subtopics the next one doubt support hey
a lot of times we have doubts so how do
we like where do we ask them first of
all this time I made sure that you will
have very limited number of doubts how
what I've done is I've gone through the
comment section of the other Creator
videos and I've seen the comments I've
seen the doubts and I made sure I have
addressed them while recording my own
lecture so that is the reason I can
definitely see that you'll have very
limited number of doubts I put some
effort don't worry about that and in
case you still have doubt you can head
over to chat GPT or B and you can ask
your doubt over there and after that if
you still have a doubt come into the
comment section and put your doubts over
there there is a wonderful community
that is there to help you out as well so
on so that was about the doubt support
now in case you're preparing for your
interviews I'll highly recommend you to
have a mentor in your journey and this
is where this get one is to one
mentorship comes in you can head over to
pre-placed and they have some amazing
mentors from Fang and other product
based companies they'll be sitting down
with you and they'll be making you a
personalized road map after hearing your
situation and they'll also be giving you
all the best resources that they
themselves have used and uh their
friends have used once you have your
road map ready you'll have multiple one
is to one sessions with them every week
where you'll set small targets they'll
nudge you hey did you do it did you do
it so they will be on your back every
now and then every week so that your
preparation is online once you have
prepared they'll take your mock
interviews so that you get to know where
you lack once you're prepared they'll be
helping you out with referrals and
networking as well so that you get inter
interview calls now it's super simple to
get started at pre-placed you need to
short list a mentor for yourself book a
free trial session once you're convinced
that this is the mentor that I need for
my journey start preparing with him and
what you can do is you can use striver
1000 code and the link will be in the
description use the code you'll get some
extra free credits as well so let's come
back to the video and the next one is
hey what is the best way like what's the
best way to follow so that I end up
mastering this particular topic should
should I straight away start watching
the videos or what should be the ideal
way so that I am a master of this topic
at the end what I will recommend you is
don't head over to the playlist instead
head over to the structured path once
you are on the path check out the first
problem go to the link try solving it
okay try solving it if you're able to
solve it good if you're not able to
solve it fine head over to the article
over to the documentation not over to
the video you're on to the documentation
of the article check out the problem
statement or the examples and then read
through the approach and see if this is
the approach that you have submitted if
this is not and this is an optimized
version go through it and if you're able
to understand via the article don't
watch the video that's it that is it for
this problem if you're not able to
understand via the article then head
over to the video now why am I
emphasizing that you should understand
by article because in engineer ing
you'll not be getting video Solutions
everywhere you'll be getting engineering
documentations you have to read through
documentation so it is important that
you get used to understanding things by
reading documentation so the flow should
be first try out the problem then try
out the article if there is one and if
you still don't understand then head
over to the video got it so that should
be the best way in order to master this
particular topic after that what is the
language first of all there is this
wrong notion in the entire Market that I
teach C++ I don't teach C++ I do not
teach C++ every video that you will see
in arrays in trees in DP or any any
other topic I am writing code in pseudo
like I'm writing pseudo codes not a code
in C++ I go through the approach for
around 80% of the duration and that is
language independent once I've gone
through the approach I move on to the
pseudo code I write a pseudo code I
don't write any particular language code
once I've written down the pseudo code
then I head over to the problem link and
I submit a certain language code like in
the Articles you'll find the C++ Java
python JavaScript code as well so this
boot camp is not a language specific
boot camp get that into your head and
please if if anyone is spreading this
Miss information tell them striver
teaches pseudo code he doesn't write
code in C++ Java or any other language
got it let's go to the next one that is
the cost of this particular boot camp
this will not be a free boot camp as I
said the price will
be 5,000 likes yes on this video if I
get 5,000 likes we go live with the
entire boot camp yes and around uh 1,500
comments that is the cost of this
particular boot camp for this particular
video like if you give me this we end up
going live next question hey when do we
go live like once you have got like once
you get 5,000 likes and 1,500 comments
when can we expect the next
morning the day this happens the next
morning you'll get almost every video
like I'll take two days the reason is it
takes a bit of time to upload the
description the problem links the
thumbnails so in 2 days you'll get all
the problem Solutions I repeat all but
but the launch date will be dependent on
this one this is the cost once I get
this we are live and we will be live
with all the problems because this time
it's entirely recorded I just need to
hit that uh go live button so that's it
that that will be it for this one and
please make sure you like this video and
if you're new to our channel do consider
subscribing to us as well if you haven't
followed me on Instagram LinkedIn
Twitter all the profile links will be in
the description this I'll be wrapping up
this video let's play some other
[Music]
video
Bren your
golden I will